Rec: add feature to allow names (resolved by system resolver) in forwarding config (#13921)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/settings/docs-new-preamble-in.rst

    recurse: true
    notify_allowed: true

Starting with version 5.1.0, names can be used if
:ref:`setting-yaml-recursor.system_resolver_ttl` is set.
The names will be resolved using the system resolver and an automatic refresh of the forwarding zones will happen if a name starts resolving to a new address.

> Te refresh is done by performig the equivalent of ``rec_control reload-zones``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The refresh is done by performing the equivalent of ``rec_control reload-zones``.
```

    recurse: true
    notify_allowed: true

Starting with version 5.1.0, names can be used if
:ref:`setting-yaml-recursor.system_resolver_ttl` is set.

> The names will be resolved using the system resolver and an automatic refresh of the forwarding zones will happend if a name starts resolving to a new address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The names will be resolved using the system resolver and an automatic refresh of the forwarding zones will happen if a name starts resolving to a new address.
```
